PRIVACY POLICY

Effective: May 18, 2026

1. We Do Not Collect Data

Ribbons.Guide does not collect, store, or transmit any personal information about you.

No cookies are used or generated by Ribbons.Guide.

To provide site functionality, Ribbons.Guide uses your web browser's storage API. Any data you input while using the site is stored entirely on your device. This data is not collected, stored, or transmitted anywhere else.

2. Data Backup and Restore

Ribbons.Guide features optional, manual functionality to backup and restore the data you input. There are two options to do this:

- Local: You may choose to manually download a backup file containing your app data to your local device, and then use that file to restore your data. Ribbons.Guide does not automatically read any files on your device; this process is only initiated by your manual request, and Ribbons.Guide can only read the file that you select for restoring your data.

- Dropbox: You may choose to link your Dropbox account to upload a backup file containing your app data, and then download that file to restore your data. Ribbons.Guide does not automatically send any data to Dropbox; this process is only initiated by your manual request, and Ribbons.Guide can only read data within its own app folder in your Dropbox account. When you use Dropbox to manage your backup, your data is subject to the Dropbox Privacy Policy (https://www.dropbox.com/privacy).

3. GitHub Pages

Ribbons.Guide is hosted by GitHub Pages. GitHub may collect basic server access data (such as IP addresses) to ensure site security and stability. We do not have access to, nor do we attempt to use, this data. This data is subject to the GitHub Privacy Statement (https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-general-privacy-statement).

4. Changes to this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in Ribbons.Guide functionality or features. Any such updates will be communicated through the website's changelog feature.

5. Contact

For any concerns regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to reach out by opening an issue on GitHub (https://github.com/SlyAceZeta/Ribbons.Guide) or contacting us on Discord (https://discord.gg/frv7dpWzDG).
